Restructure Non-Quickstart Docs (#86)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: docs/int/quickstart/group/quickstart-group-leader-creator.md

4. Follow the flow and accept the advisories.
5. Configure the Cluster 
    - Input the `Cluster Name` & `Cluster Size` (i.e. number of operators in the cluster). The threshold for the cluster to operate sucessfully will update automatically.
    
    <Tabs groupId="leader-creator">
      <TabItem value="leader" label="Leader" default>
    <ul><li>
    

>     ⚠️ Leave the `Non-Operator` toggle OFF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ⚠️ Leave the `Non-Operator` toggle <b>OFF</b>.
```

    
    </li></ul>
      </TabItem>
      <TabItem value="creator" label="Creator">
    <ul><li>
    

>     ⚠️ Turn the `Non-Operator` toggle ON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ⚠️ Turn the `Non-Operator` toggle <b>ON</b>.
```

Reviewer: i do think we should have a rethink of that button, it's currently too much of a double negative imo

    
    </li></ul>
      </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

> 

Reviewer: Doesn't let me comment on lines you haven't changed, but there's a typo 5 lines down from here on *transa**c**tion* fees. https://github.com/ObolNetwork/obol-docs/pull/86/files#diff-07d28d8844565e4e1aa5340dcf75bb2b9505ff18349f8b4440e9c6cabc2b3201R110

    ![Create Group](/img/Guide03.png)

6. Review, Confirm and Sign the following with your wallet

<Tabs groupId="leader-creator">
  <TabItem value="leader" label="Leader" default>
<ul><ul>
<li>
  
  The config hash. This is a hashed representation of all of the details for this cluster. 
</li>
<li>

  The `operator_config_hash` 
</li>
<li>

  Your `ENR`: this signature authorises the key represented by this ENR to act on your behalf in the cluster.
</li>
</ul></ul>

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="creator" label="Creator">
<ul><ul>
<li>
  
  The config hash. This is a hashed representation of all of the details for this cluster. 
</li>
</ul></ul>
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

7. Share your cluster invite link with the operators. Following the link will show you a screen waiting for other operators to accept the configuration you created.

  ![Invite Operators](/img/Guide04.png)

<Tabs groupId="leader-creator">
  <TabItem value="leader" label="Leader" default>

>   👉 You now have to follow the the [**Operator** Journey](./quickstart-group-operator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   👉 Once every participating operator has signed their approval to the terms, you will continue the [**Operator** journey](./quickstart-group-operator#step-3-run-the-dkg) by completing the distributed key generation step.
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="creator" label="Creator">

>    Your journey ends here and you can monitor with the link whether the operators are confirming their agreement to the cluster by signing their approval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Your journey ends here and you can monitor with the link whether the operators confirm their agreement to the cluster by signing their approval. Future versions of the launchpad will allow a creator to track a distributed validator's lifecycle in its entirety.
```
